God bless you. Said elder monk and [[D8]] bowed down with respect and gratitude. 

"How have you been?", he asked.

"Getting better and better. Steadily improving my plan for the near future. Once the studies and projects start, there won't be much time to think about myself and my role in this world."

"I see, D8. Time of deep contemplation, am I correct?"

"Yes, yes. I have been thinking and meditating most of my days. Working on project proposals and investigating my motivations."

"What brought you here today? How we support you the best?"

"I'll be going to the Americas for studies soon and I have decided to join another religious group. Not sure exactly which one, but I might have my favourite."

"Wise boy, aren't you? Let me guess xxx?"

"I'm I so obvious? Took me days to decide."

"At least you are using your time well, young man. "

"Can I ask you for advice?"

"Yes, you can. That's why we are here."

.....
Part 2

*Few years earlier*

Welcome to the meditation retreat. Please take your seat and make yourself comfortable. Over next 30 days we will be practicing the teachings of the Buddha. 

Many of you came here in order to experience peace and silence. Both will be part of our journey. We start by developing our concentration. This process can take as little as 1 week for the lucky one, and weeks or months for most of us. It's not a competition. The process cannot be forced. It needs to be understood and experienced directly.

"Don't take my word for it". Said the Buddha. "Do your own investigation and see." Dharma needs to be directly perceived and its benefits experienced in order to harvest the fruits of the practice. 

Here we will have an opportunity to live as monastics for a couple of days and fully dive into the practice. Time is precious, so use few days we have here together wisely. 

Impermamence, interdependence and xxx. 3 immeasurable as we say in Dharma circles. We will refer to the teaching of the Buddha as the Dharma.

To understand all the basics well takes years. On this retreat we will mainly focus on the practical aspect, as it's the most precious part, that is very hard to practice elsewhere without strong support, on this level of depth.

You lucky, lucky people. Now you will have a full month of perfect conditions to make a progress on your journey towards ultimate liberation from suffering. It's a precious time, for some of you it might never repeat in this extend. More lucky ones will take a month off to practice every year, and some of you might decide to ordain. 

We are independent free-for-all Dharma centre supported by your voluntary donations, as well as [[Sages of TibetZen]].

-----

Part 3 - Breath deeply



Part 4 - Movement of body, mind and soul







Part 2 - not sure how this fits

Pain is overwhelming. I wake up 10 times a night if I manage to get sleep in between. Need to go to a doctor, but they probably won't be able to help. 

Truth is, I need to exercise daily and prioritise my well-being above my other responsibilities. That's the only way for sustainable and high quality execution.

I love my job. If I didn't have body that requires maintenance, there wouldn't be a reason to ever stop focusing on real priorities.

Usually I'm not distracted by personal matters, but this morning I woke up to the message from my youngest sister [[A5]]. 

Our brother [[D8]] is going to a far away university. He was always hard worker and dedicated to get things done. 

She is worried he won't have time to keep in touch with all the new responsibilities and timezone differences. As well as potentional health dangers of not being able to take time to relax, eat and take a break when needed. Without her and mom being there to support and distract him. 



